hello my friends what's up today i bring
you my first drift video and before i
get started i have to say if you're
looking for some really hardcore do you
want to be drifting let my friend you're
at the wrong video because what I'm
simply doing here is having fun in my
Porsche wait what did she say Porsche I
mean roof or Chitty yeah what a shame we
don't have Porsches in 25 or at least a
premium roof I mean what I don't
understand is I know for a fact that
kazunori yamauchi drives or at least did
drive a Porsche gt3 or he old a Porsche
because if you watch the making of GT
for DVD you can actually see that he
owns a red Porsche gt3 so I really don't
know why he at least tries to implement
a premium roof I mean since we don't get
the Porsche I mean Porsche is the car
since we don't get a Porsche we could
have at least gotten a premium roof but
now i don't know if you guys read the
news or hear the news but pd is giving
us I think was 3 premium cars to
download on the twentieth of December so
actually you well two days but those
cars are going to be a 3 chrome lined
course now i bought the collector's
edition so i already have those three
chrome-lined cars but fall of you guys
out there who don't well congrats you're
getting three premium cars now what I
wanted to talk to you guys was about was
sorry I didn't online race
yesterday night and we were running the
LMP cars at lamont cerca de la sorte and
i have to say it was so much fun big
thank you to you GT or P guys out there
can't wait for next Friday to run the
race again but this time I will know how
to operate the pitstop menu oh yeah we
were 12 people at the beginning we
finished with a sink I think that's
Austrian accent popping it I see haha I
think seven drivers but nonetheless it
was so much fun actually guys I really
recommend you to join us next time but I
have to say I got a message there I have
to say that you have to be serious about
another one yeah you have to be serious
about it because you know quitting
during the race and not that much fun
anyways i'll be uploading the highlights
of the race not the entire race because
it's over an hour I'm going to be
uploading the highlights of the race
coming next week so be sure to check
that out and actually image change
high-speed ring in the rain coming down
oh I was going to say yeah so I figured
after i did this hardcore endurance
racing I deserve some you know some fun
so what I love doing it's just getting
any car and especially my portions
re-roof sideways and you know I'm gonna
quote the cage cuccia he said that
drifting isn't the fastest way is the
fastest way and run the track but most
certainly the most fun way and I can
only agree with it because going
sideways it's just you know all that
stress that you have all the steam yet
they release idiots you feel so free
when you tripped or at least I do I just
want to drive these sideways and just
enjoy enjoy the feeling of being free
and then watching the replays and seeing
how beautiful the car looks being
sideways it's just although it is a
great payoff at the end of the day I
have to say actually let me know what
you're probably the drift car is my
favorite just for fun drift car is the
roof rgt but for the serious like Dean
one drifting I use my 370 set this up
maybe i'll be uploading a video of me
really like hardcore drifting that is
son maybe this week as well
that was close to the wall but I didn't
hit it
and the Boxster engine noise from the
bar is just simply beautiful now I hope
you like the movie if you like it
subscribe and rate and thank you and
have a great weekend bye
you